Automatic allocation of external addresses for OVN load balancers and forwards (#13379)
canonical/lxd: doc/howto/network_forwards.md

Use the following command to create a network forward:

```bash
lxc network forward create <network_name> [<listen_address>] [--allocate=ipv{4,6}] [configuration_options...]
```

Each forward is assigned to a network.

> A single external listen address might be required (see {ref}`network-forwards-listen-addresses` for more information about which addresses can be forwarded, depending on the network that you are using).
> If the network type supports IP allocation and a listen address is not given, the `--allocate` flag must be provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify a single external listen address (see {ref}`network-forwards-listen-addresses` for more information about which addresses can be forwarded, depending on the network that you are using).
If the network type supports IP allocation, you don't need to specify a listen address.
If you leave it out, you must provide the `--allocate` flag.
```
Making the wording a bit more "active" (and hopefully clearer ;) ).

Property         | Type       | Required | Description
:--              | :--        | :--      | :--

> `listen_address` | string     | no       | IP address to listen on

Reviewer: Just marking this because this change will collide with https://github.com/canonical/lxd/pull/13355
